README.md, before:

# smartlog-destination-local

a smartlog destination targeting the local console

## Availabililty

[![npm](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/assets/repo-button-npm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/beautylog)
[![git](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/assets/repo-button-git.svg)](https://GitLab.com/pushrocks/beautylog)
[![git](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/assets/repo-button-mirror.svg)](https://github.com/pushrocks/beautylog)
[![docs](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/assets/repo-button-docs.svg)](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/beautylog/)

## Status for master

[![build status](https://GitLab.com/pushrocks/beautylog/badges/master/build.svg)](https://GitLab.com/pushrocks/beautylog/commits/master)
[![coverage report](https://GitLab.com/pushrocks/beautylog/badges/master/coverage.svg)](https://GitLab.com/pushrocks/beautylog/commits/master)
[![npm downloads per month](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/beautylog.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/beautylog)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/pushrocks/beautylog.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pushrocks/beautylog)
[![bitHound Dependencies](https://www.bithound.io/github/pushrocks/beautylog/badges/dependencies.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/pushrocks/beautylog/master/dependencies/npm)
[![bitHound Code](https://www.bithound.io/github/pushrocks/beautylog/badges/code.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/pushrocks/beautylog)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-2.x-blue.svg)](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v6.x/docs/api/)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/badge/node->=%206.x.x-blue.svg)](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v6.x/docs/api/)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com/)

## Quick Demo

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/46djsde96ecsho9wqibjx2zye.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/46djsde96ecsho9wqibjx2zye)

For further information read the linked docs at the top of this README.

> MIT licensed | **&copy;** [Lossless GmbH](https://lossless.gmbh)
> | By using this npm module you agree to our [privacy policy](https://lossless.gmbH/privacy.html)

[![repo-footer](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/assets/repo-footer.svg)](https://push.rocks)

Commit message:

BREAKING CHANGE(ora): remove support for ora which is now handled in smartlog-source-ora

README.md, after:

# @pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local
a smartlog destination targeting the local console

## Availabililty and Links
* [npmjs.org (npm package)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local)
* [gitlab.com (source)](https://gitlab.com/pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local)
* [github.com (source mirror)](https://github.com/pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local)
* [docs (typedoc)](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/smartlog-destination-local/)

## Status for master
[![build status](https://gitlab.com/pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local/commits/master)
[![coverage report](https://gitlab.com/pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local/badges/master/coverage.svg)](https://gitlab.com/pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local/commits/master)
[![npm downloads per month](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/npm/@pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/npm/@pushrocks/smartlog-destination-local)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript->=%203.x-blue.svg)](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v10.x/docs/api/)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/badge/node->=%2010.x.x-blue.svg)](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v10.x/docs/api/)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://prettier.io/)

## Usage

For further information read the linked docs at the top of this readme.

> MIT licensed | **&copy;** [Lossless GmbH](https://lossless.gmbh)
| By using this npm module you agree to our [privacy policy](https://lossless.gmbH/privacy.html)

[![repo-footer](https://pushrocks.gitlab.io/assets/repo-footer.svg)](https://maintainedby.lossless.com)
